Fedora Install

Last edited: Mon Mar 11, 2013

Sections:

    COMPILE:
    INSTALL or UPGRADE:
    CONFIGURE:
    FIRST STARTUP:
    START/STOP/RESTART/RELOAD/STATUS:
    AUTOSTART:

If NCID does not work, see INSTALL for some simple tests.
If using sip2ncid, see Setup-sip2ncid
If using wc2ncid, see Setup-wc2ncid

COMPILE:

    The following packages are required:
    - sudo yum install libpcap-devel

    See INSTALL for compile instructions

INSTALL or UPGRADE:

    NCID requires the server and client RPM packages to function.  The
    server is required on one computer or device, but the client can be
    installed on as many computers as needed.

    The client has a few output modules in its RPM package, and there
    are optional output modules in their own RPM packages.

    Download the server and client RPM packages using yum from the
    Fedora repositories.  You can also download any optional output
    modules you want.

        - List the NCID packages
        sudo yum list ncid\*

        - the most recent versions may be here:
        sudo yum --enablerepo=rawhide list ncid\*

        - Download the server and client packages:
        sudo yum install ncid-<rpm package>
        sudo yum install ncid-client-<rpm package>

        - Download any optional module packages wanted:
        sudo yum install ncid-<module rpm package>

    If the current release is not in the Fedora repositories, download
    the RPM packages from https://sourceforge.net/projects/ncid/

        - Download server and client RPM Packages from sourceforge
          ncid RPM Package         - server and gateways
          ncid-client RPM Package  - client and default output modules

        - Download any optional output modules wanted from sourceforge:
          ncid-MODULE RPM Package  - optional client output modules

        - Install or Upgrade the packages:
        Using the file viewer:
            - Open the file viewer to view the NCID RPM packages
            - Select the RPM packages
            - right click selections and select "Open with Package installer"
        Using YUM:
            - sudo yum install ncid*.rpm

CONFIGURE:

    The ncidd.conf file is used to configure ncidd.

    - The default modem port in ncidd is /dev/modem.  This is just a
      symbolic link to the real modem port. It is probably best to
      set your modem port in ncidd.conf.  This assumes serial port 1:
        set ttyport = /dev/ttyS0
    - If you are using a Gateway to get the Caller ID instead of a
      local modem, you need to set noserial to 1:
        set noserial = 1
    - If you are using a local modem with or without a Gateway:
        set noserial = 0  (this is the default)

FIRST STARTUP:

    - If you are running the server and client on the same computer
      and using a modem:
        sudo systemctl start ncidd
        ncid &

    - If you are running the server and using a SIP gateway:
        sudo systemctl start ncidd sip2ncid
        ncid &

    - If you are running the server and using a Whozz Calling gateway:
        sudo systemctl start ncidd wc2ncid
        ncid &

    - If you are running the server and using a YAC gateway:
        sudo systemctl start ncidd yac2ncid
        ncid &

    - Call yourself and see if it works, if not,
      stop the gateway used and stop the server:
        sudo systemctl stop sip2ncid ncidd
      and continue reading the test sections.

    - If everything is OK, enable the NCID server, gateways, and
      client modules you are using, to autostart at boot.
      For example, to start ncidd and sip2ncid at boot:
        sudo systemctl enable ncidd sip2ncid

      The GUI ncid client must be started after login, not boot.

    NOTE: ncid normally starts in the GUI mode and there is no
          ncid.service script to start or stop it.  There are
          service scripts for starting ncid with output modules,
          for example: ncid-page, ncid-kpopup, etc.

START/STOP/RESTART/RELOAD/STATUS:

    Use the 'systemctl' command to start any of the daemons.  The service
    commands are: start, stop, restart, reload, reload-or-restart, and status.
    The client can also be started using the output module name instead
    of ncid.  All output modules can be run at the same time.

    Here are some examples:
    - start the NCID server:
      sudo systemctl start ncidd.service
    - stop the ncid2sip server:
      sudo systemctl stop sip2ncid.service
    - reload the server alias file:
      sudo systemctl reload-or-restart ncidd.service
    - restart ncid using ncid-page:
      sudo systemctl restart ncid-page.service
    - get the status of ncid using ncid-speak:
      sudo status systemctl ncid-speak.service

    Review the man page (man systemctl).

AUTOSTART:

    Use the 'systemctl' command to enable/disable a service to start at boot.

    Here are some examples:
    - autostart ncidd at boot:
      sudo systemctl enable ncidd
    - autostart ncidd and sip2ncid at boot:
      sudo systemctl enable ncidd sip2ncid
    - remove ncid-speak from starting at boot:
      sudo systemctl disable ncid-speak

    Review the manpage (man systemctl).
