NCID Source package:                     ncid-0.73-src.tar.gz

NCID Binary Packages:

    Fedora 32 bit packages:              ncid-0.73-1.fc10.i386.rpm
                                         ncid-client-0.73-1.fc10.i386.rpm
    Fedora 64 bit packages:              ncid-0.73-1.fc10.x86_64.rpm
                                         ncid-client-0.73-1.fc10.x86_64.rpm
    Fedora noarch packages:              ncid-kpopup-0.73-1.fc10.noarch.rpm
                                         ncid-samba-0.73-1.fc10.noarch.rpm
                                         ncid-speak-0.73-1.fc10.noarch.rpm
    TiVo Series1 package:                ncid-0.73-1-ppc-tivo.tgz
    TiVo Series 2 and 3 package:         ncid-0.73-1-mips-tivo.tgz
    Macintosh OS X (i386 & ppc) package: ncid-0.73-1-mac-osx.tgz
    FreeBSD 5.4 package:                 ncid-0.73-1-freebsd.tgz
    Cygwin Windows package:              ncid-0.73-1-cygwin.tgz
    Windows client installer:            ncid-0.73-1-client_setup.exe
    Ubuntu package:                      ncid_0.73-0ubuntu1_i386.deb

Specific distribution Changes:

    Fedora:
        The Fedora binary distribution can be used on different Fedora
        releases, maybe even redhat releases.  A binary package can be
        built for a specific Fedora or Redhat release by building the
        package from the tar source archive:

            rpmbuild -tb ncid-0.73-src.tar.gz

        Changed spec file to create sub packages to separate server from
        client and client modules that have large dependencies.  Here is
        the list of the RPM packages:
            ncid        - server and gateways
            ncid-client - client and some output modules
            ncid-kpopup - KDE popup and voice module
            ncid-mythtv - MythTV display module
            ncid-samba  - windows popup module
            ncid-speak  - voice module

        Renamed ncid-popup.init to ncid-kpopup.init and updated it

    FreeBSD:
        Renamed ncid-popup.rc to ncid-kpopup.rc and updated it

    Mac OS-X:
        No changes.

    Ubuntu:
        A binary package can be built from the tar source archive for
        a specific Ubuntu or Debian release.

        Renamed ncid-popup.init to ncid-kpopup.init and updated it

    TiVo:
        No changes.

NCID Server Changes:

    ncidd:
        A '*' is now allowed for a line alias.  It means any line indicator.
        If one VOIP line, you can add change the line indicator to generic:
            alias LINE * = VOIP
        Or not display a line indicator at all: alias LINE * = -

        More signals are caught and logged in an effort to always note
        a when the server terminates in the log file.

        Added a fix to try to prevent server from sometimes terminating
        when a client terminates.

        Handles Caller ID in text Unicode.

        Fixed the maximum call file size so it really is configurable.

        Corrected incorrect error codes used in error logic.

        The cidcall.log file use to be optional.  If it existed it was
        used.  If not, no calls were logged.  The log file is now
        required and will be created on startup if missing,

    ncidd.alias:  Updated the line alias comments

NCID Gateway Changes:

    sip2ncid: no changes

    ncidsip: no changes

    yac2ncid: no changes

NCID Client Changes:

    ncid:
        Client will become visable during ringing for the number of
        seconds configured in ncid.conf.  The time can be configured
        from 1 to 99 seconds.  The default time is 5 seconds.
            If the client is on screen, it will become visable.
            If the client is minimized, it will pop-up.
            If the client is selected when visable, it stays on top.

        Handles Caller ID text in Unicode.

        Fixed the "reload" menu so window will clear when the cidalias.log
        file is cleared.

        Changed some if statements tests so it runs on a series 1 TiVo.

        Removed the "-A | --all" obsolute option

NCID Client Module Changes:

    ncidmodules.conf: Updated comments on ncid-page

    ncid-popup renamed to ncid-kpopup since is uses KDE

Documentation Changes:

    Updated most README files
    Updated Verbose-ncidd
    Updated all man pages
    Updated all INSTALL files
    Added 2 man pages: ncidrotate.conf.5 and ncidsip.conf.5
